# Individual Reflection

For the group project me and my group focused on topic 7 :

“Are economic conditions primarily responsible for the support of radical right wing populist parties”

We Decided to focus our analysis around supervised learning and specifically CATboost models as we had an abundance of categorical data. As a group we completed EDA analysis baseline models refined models and country focused models. We motivated our study with background literature in populism to help our analysis. I specifically worked on the country focused analysis. The original baseline model and refined catboost model examined survey responses from a total of 5 countries. I then decided to conduct a further study into two specific countries to see if there were salient differences in feature importance contributing towards the classification of a survey respondent as a right wing populist party supporter or not. Creating a model for Italy and France I examined feature importance in both and compared. Than I cross test them across each others data to see how well their predictive abilities were on each other data to give a sense of how similar the respondents from those countries may be. Additionally to check the robustness of the models across different countries. Hence I tested France, the better model on hungary to further check robustness and see if any salient differences existed. We than brought all our findings together as a group to create a cohesive report. I think the team worked very well together and communicated efficiently. We stayed in constant contact helping each other out whenever need even if it was for small things. This group project definitely developed my skill in collaboration on coding project especially with my use of github branches and merging.
